New: new rule no-constructor-return (fixes #12481) (#12529)
eslint/eslint: docs/rules/no-constructor-return.md

# Disallow returning value in constructor (no-constructor-return)

> In JavaScript, returning value in the constructor of a class may be a mistake. Forbidding this pattern prevents mistake resulting from unfamiliarity with the language or copy-paste error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, returning a value in the constructor of a class may be a mistake. Forbidding this pattern prevents mistakes resulting from unfamiliarity with the language or copy-paste errors.
```

> In JavaScript, returning a value in the constructor of a class may be a mistake. Forbidding this pattern prevents mistake resulting from unfamiliarity with the language or copy-paste error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, returning a value in the constructor of a class may be a mistake. Forbidding this pattern prevents mistakes resulting from unfamiliarity with the language or a copy-paste error.
```

Reviewer: hmm, these should have been covered in my above resolved suggestion

## Rule Details

> This rule disallows return statement in constructor of a class. Note that returning nothing with flow control is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule disallows return statements in the constructor of a class. Note that returning nothing with flow control is allowed.
```

# Disallow returning value in constructor (no-constructor-return)

> In JavaScript returning value in constructor is allowed, however this looks meaningless. Forbidding this pattern prevents mistake resulting from unfamiliarity with the language or copy-paste error.

Reviewer 3: Re `"however this looks meaningless"`:
To me, it is a bit misleading -- it was not fully meaningless, the return value is the evaluated value when the class is new-ed.

Author: How should it be changed?

> Note that returning nothing with flow control is allowed.

Reviewer 4: Should this paragraph be in the "Rule Details" section?

This first section should just be about general background/motivation for the rule. However, I think I'm reading "allowed" in this paragraph to mean, the rule will allow it/not warn (which is not the same as what "allowed" means in the previous paragraph-- JavaScript spec/engines allow returning a value; that paragraph is general background information).
